in order to complete pilot training, you just need to be diligent about
your studies. They do not intentionally make it difficult. Thio make
it through. They make it challenging, um, as it should be, Um, but
the overall goal is not necessarily to fail people out. It's it's
toe just civilly challenge the those that are there, and it's so challenging
that someone doesn't want to do it any more than you know.
They have the option option. Thio move to a different a different community
if they so desire. So really just just being diligent and, you
know, examine if the if it's still what you really want to do on,
that's regards of what community you want.